you
hey I'm Jessica Guidry I'm 18 and I'm
from Central Louisiana when I first
started boxing it was november of 2010
before started here my workout routine I
kind of worked out in the mornings I
only work out maybe three days a week in
the morning it wouldn't be anything it
wouldn't be anything very challenging
just something to say I worked out kind
of just something to barely get past
that and then once I started coming here
I started liking working out the first
class was really tough I had never done
any type of martial arts or anything
important I'm a joke person that I love
a challenge and something that's going
to keep me interested in my work out so
after I took the first class I knew I
definitely wanted to come back because
of something that I could work on and
the good thing about is like you show
your progress from class to class if you
get better at one thing you notice you
can do more in the next class that you
couldn't do the one before it was it's
more than just boxing it's like a lot of
the conditioning I came here just to
like try something new and it pretty
much just like revamps my whole weight
loss and getting fit and in shape and I
feel like I can share my experience with
other people and help them feel just as
good as I do now so it's a good
environment to be in all the time and
just the people here are great and I'll
help you with anything you need whoever
started LA boxing I was over 200 pounds
so now I'm down 50 pound since coming
here and I feel so much muscle tone and
it's I could imagine where would be now
if I hadn't started LA boxing like I am
so much happier than I was before my
life has changed completely
you should do it like what have you got
to lose if you come in here and you put
in the work you're there's no way they
can't get results and so I encourage
everyone I seen to come back